and so the question then after Tegra 2
till first the world's first dual core
after ticker three the world's first
quad core and then we double the
performance of that with tegra 4
what's next for us what's next for us I
mean what can we possibly do I guess we
could we could do a course but that
seems pretty pedestrian that seems
pretty obvious we can do 12 course
that's more than eight however I think
that maybe we could do better than that
what we decided to do was we knew it's
decided to make Tegra k1 the world's
first 192 core processor 192 cuda cores
all programmable by the Bible by the
young by programs all fully programmable
all massively parallel and this is the
first GPU of the reason why we decided
to call it Tegra k1 is because this is
the first GPU that took a vast jump from
the previous generation it's almost
inappropriate call a Tegra five because
it's simply not linear we decided to
call it Tegra k1 we decided to call it a
Gurkha one because it's based on the cab
kempler architecture as many of you know
Kepler is the most successful GPU
architecture that we have ever created
and it's the most important GPU
architecture in the industry I've ever
known this architecture because it is so
energy-efficient has made it possible
and so so programmable has made it
possible for us to attend to GPU from
not just desktop computers to work
stations but all the way into the cloud
with grid and into super computers with
Tesla one singular architecture all
compatible is now able to span computing
from a few watts all the way to
megawatts from 192 cores all the way to
36 million cores running our nation's
supercomputer all based on the exact
same architecture called Kepler so we're
really really exciting today that with
tegra we bridge the gap we've brought
mobile computing to the same level as
desktop computing we brought mobile
computing to the same level as
supercomputer we've brought the heart of
g-force and the soul of Tesla to the
Tegra family we've brought the heart of
g-force and the soul of Tesla to mobile
computing and we're really excited about
that now what's the benefit what's the
benefit of that well the first benefit
is solving in fact a very significant
problem for game developers if you take
a look take a look at game development
today just as you saw with Batman the
production value is incredible it's
completely cinematic in cinematic and
also interactive at the same time the
computer graphics is cinematic the
experience is cinematic the story has to
be sufficiently broad enlarging and
enlarged and scope that you can actually
enjoy the video game for eight hours at
a time ten hours at a time 20 hours at a
time so there's enormous depth to the
video games and it stands to reason with
so much artistic contribution is so much
technical contribution that the
production value the production costs
would be so high in fact most Triple A
titles today cost more than 100 million
dollars now there's only one thing that
you can do is solve that problem you can
either reduce the production value or
you have to have a larger footprint you
have to find a way as a game developer
to reach more users well in order to
reach more users unfortunately the
architectures are radically different
when you take a look at each one of the
game platforms
the architectures historically were very
different they're becoming more and more
similar however the architecture of
mobile devices which is the largest
computing platform in the world today
and the architecture of next generation
game consoles are radically different
one of them is based on OpenGL ES 3.0
other ones based on opengl 4.3 the
capabilities are rather radically
different the capabilities to features
and so for a game developer the
diversity of the platforms creates
another degree of complexity that is
simply intolerable the developers
dilemma they want to build great games
they want to take the financial risk but
they need to have large enough footprint
that can accept and help people enjoy
the creation that they make and so today
we're incredibly excited to announce
that Epic Games is going to bring their
next-generation engine the Unreal Engine
4 to the Tegra k1
until 10 tennis as a matter of few words
for all of you guys who know Tim and he
has the highest expectations we've been
working with Tim nail for 20 years he
has the highest expectations of anybody
in the game industry and he's just he
says us so cleanly he says we can take
absolutely anything that runs on PC or
high-end console and run around Tegra
now I didn't think that we'd be at this
level on mobile for another three or
four years
you